Ne green onion green onion child Te green onions 1 Abreu a
This with green onion Agra where many in the bone It is Shome technique today is why
I think that I want to make To occasionally
+ It is nice if you have prepared it .
It's a fiery affair
I will make Buber Kato
And there is about want to eat it wearing came to an end such mark root switch
Boo Boo brother will please been nope sa sword flow s navy to Art
Do not naver nous
I think that is the point a
It forms say this Sagata will tighten known that it is if you have to go in like this
I do not think think such extra virgin
Middle Hula smell it a little is too strong a Dene
Although it might be better to quit a little hit you like the strong smell
In the name of sesame oil, core Negishi oil is fine.
It may be a thin membrane flame
My house will be white, and I will stay there for a while
The first volume is not easy , isn't it?
I hope to do so
Over low heat 4 days from medium heat does not serve green onions Anosugu will scorched ne Then I of the long-awaited
Green onion oil
I'm getting stinky
So it's low heat , so it's like a brady meal like this.
I think it would be greatly appreciated if it could be made with such an image
I How about the wall when seeing're putting you don only oil Well this that I reverse error
If you like it by scrolling, please adjust if you like
Oil like this got it
It's too late
I a medium heat miles from the low heat
I think that the green onion is in a good brown color, but I would like to wait for it, so again
I'll excuse me later
Such is the ne oil good not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not feel
It was unfailing and the green onion goods are blue
from now on
I have a customer
There is no color of green onion any more
It is to think very good also want to wait to become tight nail
He is doing
The color of papaya trees has become sparks You may see it If you look at it with a whistle
kind of
I 'm going to stop here and I 'll stop the fire here
A little But you are saying I think you'll ne fourth grade surface and Ma Sunn Minna Minna of green onion role
It will be done, so please be careful about that area
Well let's so Nekore that
And I think I want you to go around Adora
To those who hear the snow words
2 Please cool
Of course, the head of something that is cold in the aim pan and has metal
Bottle and gold to put there a quite be stored very cat of muscle strength now
I a man not to touch Do not touch it Toka I still your child like has become so suit
If you keep it
34 I think it is good I think I will only use it if I think it
Even stir-fried noodles and piano was I Chahan'i be subjected to on of the There Was Mahler noodles story say
Anyway, it will be a little fragrant oil, so thank you
Then thank you for the information audition that the useless scene is unknown at the end today and today
It is media
I want to make a drama I tried to put together in the video
It's rude
Well that's right